So we add navigation.
The last section.
Now I want to work on this list of recipe right now if we have a look at its component here.
We see that the code for a single list item is this one here.
We do have a separate recipe item component.
But right now it doesn't hold any template because we had to outsource this code and put it into this
recipe list component temporarily because otherwise it would not have been able to display our recipe
data.
Now we know how to pass data to a component though so we can cut all that code here and put it into
the recipe item component template.
Now the goal of course is to get this energy for loop here and remove it from inside the item and move
it back on the item here and then pass down the individual item the individual recipe of each iteration
to that component so that we can still output recipe name and so on here.
So that is your chance to do this on your own again.
The video and try to loop through the component itself.
So get Engy 4 out of this component and then pass down the selected recipe for the recipe of the current
loop iteration in a few seconds you'll see my solution.
So where are you successful.
First of all I'll cut DNG for loop here and I'll go back to the recipe list component and added to the
Abb recipe item selector.
So that now the whole component is replicated for each recipe.
Now the issue of course is that we don't have the recipe which we access inside the recipe item component
anymore.
So we should probably add a recipe here the recipe of that single recipe item component.
It will be of type recipes of course.
So we have to import this from our own recipe model going up to folders and then it's there right in
the full Are we well and moved to.
And initially this will not be defined.
There won't be a value assigned to it because I want to get this recipe from outside.
So you get a recipe from outside or any data from outside.
We need to add something a decorator at input with parentheses which needs to be imported from an angle
or core add input allows us to bind this component property from outside.
And of course I want to binded from my recipe list component here.
So in this list where I replicate the single recipe item a couple of times.
Now here we can now blind to our recipe referring to the property in a single recipe item and find the
recipe of the current Lupa iteration.
Now I'm not happy with the naming here because that can be very confusing.
We're having recipe fried times here.
So to make super clear what each name here refers to I'll rename the recipe here in our loob to recipe
L for element and that also has to be replaced here then because we're passing the single recipe element
as a value.
Therefore on the right side of the equal sign tudy pineapple recipe property.
And keep in mind the recipe here between the square brackets simply is the recipe property in the component
we're placing us on.
So in the recipe item component desert recipe here that is what that refers to.
And actually to make this super super clear I can split this horizontally so you have the receiving
component.
The recipe item component and to sending one year template of the sending one the rest of the list component
above each other.
So that is what we're binding to here.
So let me close this with this.
If we save that we should see the same as before which makes sense.
It's a good thing that we see this it means it didn't break and it makes sense because now we're successfully
passing down the data which keep in mind is stored in the recipe list component here in disarray.
We're successfully passing this down to the recipe item component.
Now let's work on the feature that once we click item here we actually select it and then we load it
in the recipe detail component.
So that is what we'll work on next.